=# SOFT3888_F16_04 meeting minutes

## Information:
- Subject: Out of tutorial meeting 27th August (Week 5)
- Project name: P24 You Beauty
- Facilitator: Katholiki Kritharides
- Prepared by: Katholiki Kritharides
- Mode: Online google meet
- Date: 27/08/2024
- Time: 6:00pm-7:00pm
- Attendees: Katholiki Kritharides, Niranjana Saxena, Oydan Khan, Selina Thai, Mohitha Mohan
- Absent: Claudia Choi, Henry Lo

## Agenda items

<table>

<tr>
    <th> Agenda Item </th>
    <th> Description </th>
    <th> Actions needed</th>
    <th> Who </th>>
    <th> Notes/Decisions </th>
</tr>

<tr>
    <th> Project scope marks back</th>
    <td> Discuss feedback + marks </td>
    <td><ol>
        <li>Ensure revised project scope fixes areas where we lost marks</li>
    </ol>
    </td>
    <td><ol>
        <li>Everyone</li>
    </ol>
    </td>
    <td><ul>
        <li>Lost marks in background</li>
        <li>Lost marks in milestones & timelines</li>
    </ul>
    </td>
</tr>

<tr>
    <th> Assigning tasks </th>
    <td> Discuss split of tasks </td>
    <td><ol>
        <li>Message Claudia + Henry on slack to determine who will be working on report and who will be working on code</li>
        <li>Post on edstem to ask whether we all need to have coded at this stage</li>
    </ol>
    </td>
    <td><ol>
        <li>Katholiki</li>
        <li>TBD</li>
    </ol>
    </td>
    <td><ul>
        <li>We will be splitting tasks into code + report for now. 3 people working on code, 4 people working on report.</li>
    </ul>
    </td>
</tr>

<tr>
    <th> Group report </th>
    <td> Discuss what needs to be completed for group report </td>
    <td><ol>
        <li>Write introduction section</li>
        <li>Write group processes secton</li>
        <li>Write individual contributions section</li>
        <li>4th person will write another section</li>
        <li>Create guidelines report document with comment-only access</li>
    </ol>
    </td>
    <td><ol>
        <li>Mohitha</li>
        <li>Selina</li>
        <li>Katholiki</li>
        <li>TBD</li>
        <li>Katholiki</li>
    </ol>
    </td>
    <td><ul>
        <li>Both individual + group report due Monday 2nd September</li>
        <li>2 documents in our google drive: 1 for the actual document (editing), and another with just the guidelines/template (commenting)</li>
    </ul>
    </td>
</tr>

<tr>
    <th> Presentation and demo </th>
    <td> Discuss what needs to be completed for the presentation and demo </td>
    <td><ol>
        <li>Make slides document</li>
        <li>Code team to have a meeting to discuss code further</li>
        <li>Work on code, have progress by Friday</li>
    </ol>
    </td>
    <td><ol>
        <li>TBD</li>
        <li>Oydan, Niranjana</li>
        <li>Oydan, Niranjana, 3rd person (TBD)</li>
    </ol>
    </td>
    <td><ul>
        <li>Slides AND demo due to be submitted Monday 2nd September</li>
        <li>In-class presentation and demo on Friday 6th September</li>
        <li>Slides should be summary of report</li>
        <li>Oydan has done some html already (login, but not connected to database). Donâ€™t need to do database stuff for the login page (Django admin does storage for you)</li>
    </ul>
    </td>
</tr>



</table>

## Additional Meeting Notes
- N/A