=# SOFT3888_F16_04 meeting minutes

## Information:
- Subject: Out of tutorial meeting 3 September (Week 6)
- Project name: P24 You Beauty
- Facilitator: Claudia Choi
- Prepared by: Henry Lo
- Mode: Online google meet
- Date: 03/09/2024
- Time: 6:00pm-7:00pm
- Attendees: Katholiki Kritharides, Niranjana Saxena,  Selina Thai, Mohitha Mohan, Claudia Choi, Henry Lo
- Absent: Oydan Khan

## Agenda items

<table>

<tr>
    <th> Agenda Item </th>
    <th> Description </th>
    <th> Actions needed</th>
    <th> Who </th>>
    <th> Notes/Decisions </th>
</tr>

<tr>
    <th> 1st demo presentation</th>
    <td> Presentation due Friday tutorial time 
    </td>
    <td><ol>
        <li>Write script for responsible parts of oresentation</li>
        <li>Presentation rehersal on Thursday evening (6pm subject to everyone's availability)
        </li>
    </ol>
    </td>
    <td><ol>
        <li>Everyone</li>
    </ol>
    </td>
    <td><ul>
        <li>Mohitha to talk about overview and stakeholder (1m)</li>
        <li>Henry to talk about requirements (1m)</li>
        <li>Kathy to talk about testing plan (1m)</li>
        <li>Oydan to talk about implemented user stories (3m)</li>
        <li>(?) to talk about plan for other stories (30s)        </li>
        <li>(?) to talk about system architecture (1m)        </li>
        <li>(?) to talk about system architecture (1m)        </li>
        <li>(?) to talk about potential risks (30s)        </li>
        <li>(?) to talk about group process (1m)        </li>
        <li>(?) to talk about Discipline (30s)        </li>
    </ul></td>
</tr>

<tr>
    <th> Meeting participation table </th>
    <td> Update meeting participation table</td>
    <td> Update meeting participation table and upload on bitbucket</td>
    <td> Mohitha
    </td>
    <td>Finish by next week</td>
</tr>

<tr>
    <th> Client demo </th>
    <td> Discuss what needs to be prepared for week 7 client demo
        <ul>
        <li>Require slides and user stories</li>
        <li>Duration: 40-60 minutes with prepared agenda and timeline</li>
        <li>Ask in week 6 tutorial for clarification on Q&A section</li>
        <li>Decide demo agenda on thursday</li>
        </ul>
    </td>
    <td>TBD on Thursday meeting</td>
    <td>Everyone   </td>
    <td>
    </td>
</tr>

<tr>
    <th> Website progress and task assignment </th>
    <td> Update of current development progress
        <ul>
        <li>User login is functional but not yet for business side</li>
        <li>Assigned functionality tasks to be done this week (w6)</li>
        <li>Consider splitting customer and business side teams on implementing functionalities to catch up timeline</li>
        </ul>
    </td>
    <td>Programming tasks to be done by this week. More functionality of the website should come in play in the next few.</td>
    <td>Everyone</td>
    <td>
    </td>
</tr>



</table>

## Additional Meeting Notes
- N/A